Today I'm with Nicolola, the CEO of short list,
and we're going to talk about how to explode
his LinkedIn profile. Just before we build
his entire LinkedIn strategy from scratch,
I'm probably going to ask you, Nicola, to
introduce yourself, and then we're going
to talk about your personal challenges and the
goals you have for LinkedIn. All right. Thanks,
Mish. I'm super happy to be here with the
real goat of LinkedIn. Um, I'm Nicholas,
one of the founder and CEO of Sort List. So sort
list we help service firms and agency to generate
more business. Uh how do we do that? We have like
600,000 monthly visitors on our websites that type
like web agency New York, web agency Paris, uh all
the language. And what's quite interesting is that
we slowly switch towards going from a marketplace
towards a SAS product. Okay. That basically
instead of having agency that waits for leads,
now we build tools for them. Okay. Okay. So,
it's super efficient. Okay. Because a sort list is
I think one of the biggest marketplace of agencies
in the world. Yeah. Exactly. Like uh it's top one
or top two. Yeah. In Europe definitely number one.
Uh in the US there is a competitor that climbs
the number one spot but only in the US for sure.
Okay. And then I guess that the way you were
able to get as much traffic is from SEO. Yes.
what you what you're saying is like someone
looking for a digital agency in a location and
it's like if I'm looking for a marketing agency
in Brussels and there is a high likelihood that
I mean like I will find you in the top one page.
Yes. Exactly. And so that's how we grow and you
know like now it gets a lot from LLMs like chat
GPT etc. which we are mentioned as a source but
brings less traffic to our platform. Okay.
And so that's why we we go to the SAS model.
That's why LinkedIn is super important for me
as well to build the brand and to generate more
uh leads. Okay. And so that's why that was short
list like the marketplace. And then you recently
made the acquisition of overloop. Yes. Which is a
sales engagement platform. That's a multi channel
outreach platform. Exactly. So that means you
automate um outreach across email, LinkedIn call.
You can connect like goals within the workflows
but it's mainly email and LinkedIn. A lot of
our customers use LinkedIn like okay prospection.
Yeah. So you are an agency of any size. You just
log into sort list. We bring you the leads that
fill in the form. We bring you traffic to your
website because you can sponsor on the top. But
now in the future, I mean what we build with our
loop now is that you basically capture intent of
who which company is looking for an SEO agency for
instance on the directory and in one click you'll
be able to directly uh outreach to them. Okay,
which we are currently trying and we see like
massive conversion rate obviously because it's
a warm traffic and it's not like out of the blue.
So it's basically we go from pure outbound towards
more intentbased uh outbound. Okay. And so um at
the moment like the entire group is making around
10 million Yeah. per year almost. Yeah. Okay. And
so one question I also had before we jump um onto
the strategy is um so on the marketplace because
you have some data points you're able to know
who's looking for SEO agency, marketing agency and
so on. And what you want to do is you want to use
this information as a data point. as a senial so
that people can then run some outreach and some
prospecting. Yeah. But then um with overloop are
you then picking up some additional senials? So
is it a case of let's say I have my own I have
my own lead generation agency. Yeah. I put my
agency called the Q on short list. Yes. able to
tell me okay these people are um looking for lead
generation agencies um in say Brussels Paris
or whatever and then you'd be able to say okay
um so now I know this information but then would
you even then um layer some additional internals
aka for example like um you would be able to
tell me hey um this company is looking for agency
generation agency but on top of that I see that
they are hiring for um SDRs or GTM engineers. So I
think they're very Is this like the old go? Yeah,
exactly. Okay. So that's like I told you we had a
product meeting before and so that's something we
already have in beta. So if people want to test,
we can already give them access but typically in
your intent signals you can see who interacted
with a specific subject on LinkedIn. So let's
say you post about GTM workflow or open CL, you
can directly find who interacted with those post
that match your ICP. Okay? And so for instance,
if you hunt for I don't know whatever your ICP
is, you can plug in those signals and directly
on autopilot like uh send them outbound campaigns
that works for LinkedIn who interacted with you,
your competitors, your team, whatever. But at we
also start to include signals like who was a new
marketer in this company who was who raised fund
who uh I mean you name it a lot of signals. Okay.
And for us like the more signal we bring to the
tool the higher the conversion rate. Yeah. And
for sure the warmest signals you can have is
detecting the intent on the directory. Yeah.
But there are tons of others. And our goal is to
really build an AI agent that just work for your
um your legion for your agency because you know
that for agencies it's either we are too full like
it's like the feast like okay too many clients I
don't know what to do but then the switch to the
famine like we don't have any leads is like almost
sometimes it happens overnight and so you see
agency owners like uh in the boat trip and then
the next day they're like you know I don't know
how I'm going to pay my team. So I think what's
tough with the agency business model you know
before we jump on the is what you what you mention
is typically you'll say if you have one person
that works inside of your agency then perhaps you
would be handling six accounts right and so it's
like you have say you have 10 employees then it
means you can have 60 clients and when you're at
61 62 63 then it becomes a bit difficult because
some people have to work some extra hours and
so on. Exactly. Then what usually happen is that
then you're thinking okay I need to hire and like
hiring doesn't come fast enough as in like hiring
some good employees. So now you're in this sort
of feast not because it's too many leads but more
because like it's too many leads relative to what
you can actually deliver. Exactly. And then you
have the opposite that happened like even if say
a month ago you didn't have enough people then you
could have say five six clients that just decide
to leave and now auto then um there just like not
enough um clients for motor you need leads fast
and like this is something I see with agencies
it's just like yeah like this roller coaster
agency roller coaster yeah and typically like they
will just start they will stop uh promoting or
like distributing their their content as soon
as they have too many clients forgetting that
this is something that actually doesn't last that
long because this is something that you're Yeah,
definitely. And I mean it's like you know legion
is but you you go to the gym as well you know it's
like you need to do the rep every single day to to
get the results you want and obviously high result
for sure but sometimes like when you are an agency
owner with your pipeline it's exactly the same you
need to do the rep every day like doing newbies
but most of the time because of the psychos that
you mentioned and because like an agency owner
is like tough you need to think of the future you
need to think of new services you need to serve
clients you need to produce content on LinkedIn
etc. Sometimes people I mean most of the
time people forget about it and it's like a
catastrophe if you are not proactive with that.
Okay. I would assume that the number one person
I want to attract on LinkedIn are B2B or digital
agencies. Yes. Okay. And so at the moment you have
11 12,000 followers. Yeah. by the time of this
video right now like how many almost 20k almost
20k almost 20k okay and what's the goal for the
end of the year as like we are on the 3rd of March
today yeah I mean always try to double so I'd say
like 30k it's all right but then I saw that you
had 61k so am I ambitious enough I don't know what
you what you think yes so uh just so you know like
my first year of LinkedIn I went from two to two
or 3K to like 9K. Okay. And then I went from 9K to
30K in my second year. Okay. Like Oistic exploded,
right? I don't know if it's as easy because you
know with all platforms Yeah. the earlier you
start and the more uh free reach you have. But
I'd say that you being at 12K and like the edge
you have over me when I did this big um jump is
a social proof you have because like you are a 8
figureure CEO which means that anything you say
automatically holds more weight because it's you
know backed by the by the years of experience.
While for me I there wasn't I wasn't even a seven
figure um CEO at the time I was at 9K followers
and it's more so the LinkedIn that allowed me
to generate a good chunk of work to the point.
Yeah. So you would say that LinkedIn brought
most of your the growth of your agency. Oh yeah
yeah yeah. But I think like 80% of our acquisition
happen still now. Now it's perhaps a bit less but
like it's still above 60%. Yeah. Especially that
now we have I guess some something around like
300,000 followers combined as a team. So I have
67,000 myself today and then my business partner
is at 61,000. So just like both our accounts
would be generating um 20 million impressions
per year and the impressions from LinkedIn like
the beauty of LinkedIn for us as a GT agency is
that like one of the biggest personal you'll find
on the platform will be the sales people will be
marketers because like sales people are here
like selling on LinkedIn. Yeah, exactly. The
business development directors and so we have but
I think that for you it's the same case. Yeah are
very very active on on their at least code one.
So now you 80% of your LinkedIn now it's going
to be a bit more from short list. Yeah. Actually
this could be a pretty good angle. Yeah. Exactly.
Okay. So I'd say 30k 30k is what you should strive
for. What do you think? Fizzible. Yeah. Physible.
Easy. Not easy but sweat and tears. Sorry. sweat
and tears. You know, it depends because I think we
had a discussion yesterday like you had like a few
posts that just like went completely crazy then
from this few post you gained a few thousands of
followers. Yeah, exactly. And so what you're going
to do is you're going to sort of optimize because
like we cannot predict that a post is going to go
viral but you can put the ingredients together so
that you are you know um increasing the likelihood
of post going viral every day and like it's just
a matter of numbers is like that idea of perhaps
perhaps before your v bar var hit rate was one
post out of say 20 perhaps and we're going to try
to make it say one out of five or six there. Then
if you're constant enough throughout the whole
year, you'd end up having say perhaps 40 variable
hits and this could mean you know like 40,000 more
followers. So the formula is posting a lot with
the right ingredients. Yeah. And then I'm going
to be 30K. Yeah, that's your pro for me. That's
the offer. That's the offer. Okay. I think it's
like mini is a mix of art and science and so there
is some sort of formula as to how to make it work
and then obviously it's a game of consistency. So
you need to be publishing at least three times per
week to sort of optimize your luck. Okay. Somehow
and also it's a game of I mean if you actually
actively publishing three times per per week by
the end of the year you'll have over 100 posts
right like it's like 52 weeks three yeah exactly
50 post and so that what that means is that by the
100th posts you'll have you know you'll be filling
the platform. Yeah, exactly. You'll feel that you
are much better at it. Yeah, you feel that you
can smell whether a post will improve. Yeah. Now,
I think I've published over 500 post. Okay.
So, sometimes I'm writing the post and then
I'm like I estimate 50k impressions, 400 likes,
and then he's right. I do like a small cross
um cross gesture typically on like pretty pretty
close like eight times out of 10 I'm like on
the right like if I say it's going to be like
300 likes or something I typically am able to
to guess it pretty well edit your reach do you
flop sometimes I mean so flop yeah is relative
is relative right and we can actually have a look
at my accounts but delete the flop I don't delete
the flop. You know why? Because sometimes like
back in the day, LinkedIn used to be a platform
where if you had a flop, then like um you uh
like you would like this is the post of today,
so it's three hours ago. But then like if you had
a flop, it would just like stay a flop. But now
the algorithm works in a weird way where sometimes
a flop just picks picks back. Yeah. like after a
couple of days it just yeah like it's there is
a weird bug where like I'm two weeks after the
publication like you see the the post and it just
increases and so you look at like your most good
post from the last seven days and it's a post
from last month and you're like what this post
didn't even perform. Yeah. So I think like you
just leave them all, you know, like and also,
you know what, I like the mentality of saying if
you have a flop and people see that you flopped,
you know, you feel bad about it and so you work
like um extra on the next pose. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Cuz you're thinking, okay, I don't want people to
think that that's my level of Sure. Yeah. So yeah.
So like here for example cuz like I think that
so for me a flop would be a post under 10,000
impressions because like I already have like
publications now that just go below this amount
damn 690 likes. So this is because I'm talking
about a trendy topic. So 700 damn. Yeah. So yeah.
And you like your own post. Should I like my post?
This is a hack that's going to come later. Damn.
We like every one of your own post and you will
repost each of your post after 6 hours so that
you can get like 15% extra reach but that's going
to be shown in front of some other people. The US
wakes up you know a bit after Europe and now like
the post is being shown in front of Oh really?
Yeah. So like uh so so like there are a few tricks
I'm gonna talk about later in the video. Yeah.
But the whole idea is to say you'll um you'll be
like publishing at the exact same time every day.
Oh really? Yeah. And you try to make it look like
not the right like not 9 a.m. it's like 9:03 9:07
or you don't care. Yeah. Like I don't care that
much but it has to be say within the same 10 15
minutes. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And like I got this
from my friend Pier Ruben. he has like 160,000
on LinkedIn and he told me yeah okay you need
to think about it like like a TV show and I was
thinking like it doesn't make any sense why would
me publishing at the same time boost my reach but
then at some point like I think you need to stop
trying to be too smart and just listen to the
people who done it and I was like you know what
he's got over 100,000 followers at the time I had
like maybe 30 I'm just going to listen to it and
then I just made the test and just finishing on
the same just like more rich really for some So,
and then you just pick one time like for instance
right now after 2 days I pick a time like 9:00
a.m. and I stick to it or you try 9 10 11 you
see what kind of I think because it has to work
for you aka for example I don't like 9:00 a.m. you
know why because you know how sometimes you wake
up you've got some stuff to do some urgent matters
to handle which means like it's very easy to miss
the 9:00 a.m. window. But if you were saying,
I'm going to be publishing it at um 11:30, which
is my window. Yeah. Then it's like you have
sometimes like even if some urgency happens like
in the beginning of the day, you have a plane to
catch or something, you still can manage to like
write something and publish it. And yeah, because
you like you don't schedule it, right? Or you Yes.
Because this is something like you should never
schedule them. You should always publish them
manually because kills the reach when you schedule
them. Really? Yeah. And so and I'm actually made
made that mistake sometimes and then you would
just see it like I would have these weeks. So
as I was telling you like I usually never have a
publication that goes like below 10k impressions
you know. So this would be almost a flop um
relative. Yeah. Everything is is relative right?
But then um the idea is that is actually like I
would have a week everything has some decent reach
and then the only post that got scheduled and that
was published on its own um was below um 10,000
impressions. Yeah. So and your content looks
great and you have a designer and stuff because
Yeah. This like all the images and stuff. Yeah.
And that's uh I think something that's pretty
important. It's part of you know talking about
the packaging of your publication. It just makes a
huge difference because you know if we if we look
at the feed right here. Yeah. Then like is you can
easily compare what's happening with the F. Yeah.
Is like you see that if there was an image here
then we would just see like the hook and so here
it takes up the whole space but just like a text
um post like I think we might see one text post
like we see like images everywhere. Um but like
just text post just don't take it. So you see it
here right? It's like just like those two lines
while here you can actually entice people to read
the post you know thanks to the hook and then
on top of this the image can serve as a signal
hook. So it's really part of the whole packaging
is really trying to optimize the odds of people
click on clicking on the see more button because
I mean the way I think about LinkedIn is I think
about it like a fin. So it's like first you've got
the hook that's here and the number one goal of
the hook is to entice people to click on the see
more button. Okay. But you can also use the image
you know because like if the image is sort of
attractive then it means more people stop on the
publication and then perhaps the image will um be
will make people want to click on the sim button
and so that's the goalick having them click.
Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Because it's like first
step people click on the simol. Second step they
read the post and get value. Third step, you know,
they do the sort of actions you want them to do,
whether it's some sort of um here participating
to a limb list um boot camp or commenting on the
on the post. So that's the that's or following
you or following you. Exactly. So I suggest let's
go on your profile. Let's see what you did. Okay.
because I I guess like the the first thing also
is your profile it's like I like to think of
um my profile as a landing page and so what
that means is that um typically whenever you're
commenting or you're posting for people to go and
land on your website they'll typically first land
on your profile and then from there they'll learn
possibly on your website right which means like
it's a very important middle step between this so
here. Founder and CEO at S list over AI. Okay, I
like it. We had B2B service turns and agencies get
predictable client acquisition with AI. Actually,
I think pretty pretty great before coming. That's
the only thing I changed. I didn't want to get to
suck. Like I'm glad you like it. It's a bit a bit
better, right? Yeah. It's it's super nice. And
then like um I see the panel also building great
business stories. Not clear. Yeah. I think like
um not very clear but I don't think it's a make or
break you know. I mean I don't think it's the most
important bit but it's just like building great
stories doesn't talk to me right now and it's like
I'm an agency. Yeah. Exactly. On your personal.
So if there was something along the lines of
um you know agencies get five plus leads per
week or something I could be more attractive even
though I'll say that sometimes those like taglines
sound very salesy. Yeah. So I think there is a way
to sort of frame that you help agencies in a sort
of big way without being salesy to the point that
you say get this amount of leads. Yeah. Right. So
like what's the what's the tagline for? That's the
tagline. Like you know I explained we come from
a marketplace building great business stories was
mainly targeted to companies looking for agencies
and that's that stuff and uh okay and you know
I've always had that weird problem is who am I
talking to and in the past like before acquire
acquiring overloop and going to to you know legion
for agencies uh for speed I was mainly trying to
attract marketing directors or you knowmemes owner
to come on the platform with their project and
briefing so that I could guide them to the right
agency. Okay. What's was very tough is that I was
talking to CMOS of big brands like huge brands
and at the same time to marketer of SMBs on one
side and then on the other side I was talking
to big agencies, smaller agencies etc. I see.
And this one was just mild. it was in the middle
which explain why you think like okay it doesn't
resonate it can generate I mean when you think
about it what I hear is that it can actually work
for anybody clear which used to be the case of
my previous tagline and which explain why I don't
have a sharp angle I mean we'll see afterwards
because I feel that I'm trying to please everyone
which is probably an issue in terms of growing
yeah it's like what the thing they say you know
I'm appealing to everyone is equal to appealing to
no one. Yeah. It's like you just find some sort of
compromise and the definition of a compromise is
that nobody is happy. Yeah. Right. And so here I'm
thinking you told me like you have 600,000 monthly
visitors. Yeah. At least. And so imagine if it was
something along the lines of 600 like 600,000
um people sign agencies on S list every month
something like this. be I'm like okay I need to
be on this platform. Okay. Okay. So it's the best
I mean people looking for agency would be happy
and then you would be happy say okay be something
good. Imagine you say that and then like you have
some sort of call to action in the in the banner
that say that says get listed for free because
we can get right. Yeah exactly there. There's
good my homework. And then here we've got some
call to action. Um, you don't have a premium
premium LinkedIn prof. Yeah, I was going to ask,
should I get one or not? Is it worth it or The
interesting thing about having a LinkedIn premium
profile is that you can add a custom button that
people see under all of your posts. So, you
see how like visit website or something. Yeah,
you've seen that, right? Yeah. So, for example,
like which means that the like it just like I
have view my services. Oh, wait. They they change
the button again cuz like Oh, that's annoying.
So you see I need to I need to actually change
that because like for some reason LinkedIn just
like change it um on its own without saying but
here I need to edit the custom button and then you
say visit my website okay and then like you make
people go on your on your website and then once
I'll do that so see I'm happy I have done that
once I once I do that now as I reload we should
be able to say view my website or something And um
and yeah, it just means that because if you think
about it on the feed um it's like a data, right?
Yeah. Which means like if you were seeing my post
on the feed, then you'd be able to click to one
click without needing to click on my profile and
up one click option on my website, right? So do
you measure that or not? Uh we sort of measure
that because in Google Analytics, we're able to
see um the traffic that comes from organic social.
So I could put some UTM ties and so on, but um
you don't care. Yeah, I just I have a spring
business. Yeah, I just know it's so consequential
that the best practice could be to uh track it,
but uh I'm like I don't need to track LinkedIn
to know that it's um Yeah, exactly. You know,
our best customers, they do that. They're like all
in to the platform and they're just like I don't
measure. I don't care. I know it works. That's
it. Yeah. And most of the time these are the best
agencies. They don't try to manage attribution.
They just go in into one or two channels and then
they they just know it. Yeah. Cuz I feel like
um if you have to measure it to know it works
then it doesn't work. Yeah. If there is a doubt
there is no doubt. Yeah. a bit like Harry cuz
you typically know right it's like someone um
someone talks to your team and then they'll say
it's like first like say oh we see you everywhere
on LinkedIn and on any given week we'll have say
10 people that will say we see you everywhere on
on LinkedIn you know I I see people in the streets
um and they say oh I see you all the time on
LinkedIn right the street I mean like people
that I know are not yeah okay I got I have
gotten recognized like two or three times you
But but like it's more like people who I know
they're like, "Oh, I see you every time." And
then I never see them liking my post. I'm like,
"Oh, you see it?" Yeah. It's always the same. Why
don't you like it? Why don't you like it? I need I
need some help. I mean, a like is a like. So yeah.
So your profile I think I think like a profile is
great. So like small changes with the banner cuz
also even for example here if you're incorporating
like the the short like 600k visitors or something
like this then now all of a sudden there's some
social proof that we see and we see it under each
of your comment on each of your each of your post
and so it makes it like um so yeah it just makes
it very difficult to in your um so benefits that
people get from um following you or like talking
with you and then also it's Like if I know that
there are 600,000 visitors who go on your website
then and if you give advice around like how
to better the agency and so on, I'm able to
believe that you brought with enough agencies to
the point that your advice means something. Okay.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Social proof so that they Yeah.
build trust. Okay. Next, let's look at some of
your posts. What I want to do is like I want to
look at some and then like just criticize them.
Okay. No ego. Yeah. No ego. So what's going to
do is just going to go through them and you're
going to explain like to me like what was the
sort of idea for the post. Yeah. Cuz obviously
like some posts are more like storytelling based.
Some posts are like I mean the goal is to generate
leads and sometimes it's just like you just just
Yeah. So cuz like here for example I see that you
were on a podcast. Yeah. Yeah. See, I really
like the pawn. But yeah, that's great. You're
welcome. You did the homework. So, okay. So, like
this is like a storytelling post. Yeah. And one
question because you publish in both French and
English, right? Yes. So, I used to post only in
French because I was like, okay, competition in
English is super intense. But then I was like,
okay, we're the one in Europe. I mean, French
speaking markets only represent maybe 30% of our
revenue. Okay. So, I need to speak in English
and I speak English, so it doesn't really make
a difference. In this specific post, it's because
it's a podcast in French. So, I posted in French,
but no, I try to post every time in English for
sure. Okay. But I think here it's um I think it's
a good post because at the end of the day, you
went on a podcast and you just shared it. Yeah. I
think it's great social proof being invited on
podcast shows you as someone who's important,
important enough that people are like, you know,
I want this guy here. So as a rule of thumb,
I'd say every time you get invited, I think
it's cool to to do so. Here like you really
like framed it in a storytelling sort of way. So
you're talking about raising fund, the pressure,
you know, um being a dad and running a business.
It's something that like um people can connect
to it on a very human basis. So I'd say like
this is a great post and a great personable
post and and I think that this post are not the
best soft post to generate leads. Yeah. But you
know um we still are in a we still are in an era
where people buy from humans and then just like
humanizing yourself showing that you're not just
like a very successful CEO but you're also you
know someone who went through some troubles and
makes people want to boot with you like makes you
makes you look uh cool makes you look vulnerable.
Yeah. Sometimes it's the sort of thing that makes
people want to work with you versus one of your
competitor and so yeah I wouldn't rely on this
post for your sort of growth strategy but I don't
think there's anything bad about like making this
sort of post but do you think I should try to
post like you mentioned like posting five times
per week or three times and should I plan once per
week to have something more personal or is just
when it comes I just post it. Yeah, I think when
it comes because like otherwise you are forcing
the personal stuff, right? Yeah, exactly. which
I am right now. I just post personal it's like
Instagram. So are you generating leads? Not that
much. Okay. Yeah. Kind of but not not enough. But
it's never enough, right? Yeah. Never enough. So
this is a meme, right? Yeah. That's from uh what
I tried there is that's something that happened
into our leadership team. So that's our chief
people officer. Yeah. And I tried to make it I
took the screenshot because I was like, "Okay,
people can see a Slack message. It feels a
bit personal. It talks about AI." Ah, yeah.
He's making fun of you. Talks They're making fun
of me for sure. And you look like eight people,
myself included, like making fun of this.
Yeah, because Yeah, we're very into AI. So,
I try to show a bit like behind the scene. You're
not trying to say, "Okay, that's a Slack message."
People can try to see, okay, 10 members. Okay.
like a company culture. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I
like it like cuz on top of being a great platform
to generate leads, I think LinkedIn is a great
um employee branding platform. Yeah. And for us
like we hired some machines because like they
saw some of our really Yeah. And they wanted
to work with you because Yeah. Yeah, because I
said from the outside you look cool guys from the
inside with the ch like [__] I'm not trapped.
Okay. So like lots of storytelling though like
here, right? Um I can still name the five the
first five people who paid for short list. We
thought then the journey from a zero towards 10
million would have ended at zero. Okay, that's
nice. The hardest part of that early stages in
the strategy is the isolation. Most of them died
because of the bad product. They died because the
founder burns out from a lack of support. If
your friend is lodging something, don't say
good luck. Do this instead. Buy a product review.
connect them with people, share their lunch post,
gift back. It's a nice bow stuff here. You know,
it's this one when you say you are your friend
don't like your your LinkedIn. That's exactly and
here I was quite disappointed because I was like
okay I'm doing some social pro whatever. I mean
it's quite okay for me it's like I don't know
it's like 40 post something like that. Uh likes
40 likes 48. No, it used to be 47, but still
it's like I thought I I expected more because I
had some post like in the hundreds, etc. Yeah,
I thought it was a banger. You mentioned like you
can feel it. Yeah, I really was convinced it would
pick more. You cannot feel it yet. No, not yet.
You need to write another 100 post, but also the
algorithm is a bit unpredictable. It's like you
could have made the same post at another time and
then it would just blow up and then there's the
inconsistency of when you post it actually sort
of makes a difference because you're not posting
at the same time every day. So Oh, really? Okay.
Okay. Yeah. This is what I was telling you,
right? Yeah. Okay. So, yeah. Okay. This post is
nice though. That's a podcast we released again
like another podcast. Yeah. Yeah. So I tried to
post okay like numbers into the headlines actually
wanted people to click more. Try to add some very
cool pictures as well. Yeah. To guide people
to listen to the to the episode. Well, I think
that here it's a good example of having the goal
like this post performed quite well. Yeah. And
to me it does have the ingredients of a post that
performs well aka you have a hook with numbers. So
it's like the zero to 10 in 18 months is everybody
wants to know how you did that. Yeah. Because who
doesn't want to make 10 uh arrive at 10 million
after 18 months? Yeah. Yeah. Like I would like
to you know I sure manage to do that. So what's on
this by the way? Watch the podcast and even after
the podcast I didn't manage to do it in 18 months
but I you didn't. It's not me. It's the guy that
we interviewed. Ah okay. He's a guy that I wish I
wish I could go from zero to 10. He's the guy that
uh was behind aradi like AI. Yeah. And he
basically explained all the playbook like how
he worked with influencers etc. So he's the one
that did that. Okay. And he shared all the stories
etc. So people should watch this podcast. I wish I
could do that in 18 month. I mean we'll see that.
Let's take a a meeting in 18 months to see to
see like if you add 10 million to 20 million.
Let's see. Yeah. Okay. But this is a great hook,
right? like 0 to 10 in 18 months and then saying
it's not luck. I mean I don't know if it adds um
too much but like it it does add something because
saying it's not luck imply that it's replicable
meaning okay now I can actually learn from that
but obviously like you have the contraction
where the goal is to get people to the podcast
you didn't include the link because otherwise it
would have killed the reach. So sometimes you can
you know actually add the link knowing that it
will kill the reach but that in the end the fact
that more people click directly on it should have
more people like on the podcast but like that's a
sometimes I read sometimes I don't and then here
like some very nice images you know I think if it
was a podcast there's probably no better visuals
than than than that. We looked at a few of your
posts, but what I'm not seeing is like posts that
are directly um redirected to your ICP. Exactly.
Okay. Those agencies, where are these posts? I
don't know. You don't have any. I don't have any
because I I was like, you know, at first I was I
talked to a lot of creators and they say just get
started on the social platform and share what you
enjoy. And so I share it my journey. I share it
about books I'm reading and stuff and I've rarely
posted towards my ICP because I'm like okay what
can I say but then obviously I have a lot of
things to say. So I think maybe it comes back
from I don't have a clear strategy around that
but I'm starting starting to think that yeah maybe
there is a spot to climb in terms of okay does the
guy that helps agency generate leads or something
like that. Yeah, which to me would make sense,
but I've never done that and I think I should,
right? Yeah. I mean, I I agree with the creators
that share the advice because so I think that the
biggest reason why you wouldn't make it work
on LinkedIn, especially in the beginning,
um is because you will lack consistency and you
will just stop before you get any results. Yeah.
And so I think you need to be pragmatic to the
point where you say the first thing I'll do is be
consistent and forcing yourself to be consistent
for some amount of time. But then after a while
you need to be injecting those pieces that
translate to conversions because if you tell
me that um the content that you are publishing
isn't translating to conversions I will believe
you because the big issue here is that we are not
talking directly to your persona. Exactly. And so
you're not obliged to do all of your post, but I'd
say every week you should have at least a couple
of publications that talk directly to their pain
points. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because right now there
is not I mean you see that it's what I do like
internal news like my journey whatever which is
never focused on the pain of agencies. I mean what
we discussed basically at the beginning is true
that and I don't present the new features like you
mentioned a couple of things that we do obviously
I shared when we acquired overloop but I have not
self-promoting okay I think it's very European to
do that in the US they're very promoting their
stuff they're very good at marketing themselves
it's a European thing to not do it or not dare
to do it but you've started to do it yourself
like pushing like cases and stuff like yeah I like
I'm very aggressive in terms of promotion because
um I'm not on social media for likes. Like I like
the likes but I prefer the money. So and so and
so we are I'm always trying to connect the post
to some tangible outcome. Okay, that's related
to what we offer. And so I think that that's the
next thing like that's what we need to think of
is that if you want to make it work on LinkedIn,
you need to find a few formats, a few recurring
formats that you can decline over and over and
over and that speak to your personal. Okay,
that to me is the easiest way to stay consistent.
And so in your case for example like you want to
you want to be thinking about what's something
or what's some data points I have that no one
else has or the market which would be an edge in
terms of if I'm talking about this I'm sharing
some insights that no one else can share. Yeah. So
to give you an example, it's like um I think you
were talking about the fact that you were talking
with a big SEO agency um last week. Yeah. Which
means that because you have so much traffic from
people that are looking for agencies. Yeah. You
are in a situation where you must be talking to
a lot of very success successful agency founders,
right? And I think that this should be one of
your formats aka some sort of experience sharing
of what makes agency fun successful. So know to
give you an example like I post I'd make for you
is like how many agency founders you estimate you
have talked to in the past year? Like thousands
like thousands. Yeah. In the last 10 years
like 5,000 6,000 more. Okay. Cuz if I were you,
I would make a post along these lines. would be
like I've talked with thousand agency founders in
the past year but here's the big difference I see
between the ones who make them big and the ones
who don't something like this yeah cuz you have
thought with these guys yeah sure and whenever
you talk to these guys you know more or less at
what point they are and I'm assuming that you are
seeing some sort of patterns in like I think you
said it like in the middle of the meeting said
um in this conversation you said I had a big guys
that don't track anything but like it's the Yeah,
exactly. They just feel it works and stuff
like that. Yeah. I mean I have tons of example,
you know, like I've started to think about
it. Of course, there is that dopamine when
you post on LinkedIn. It's like you you don't do
it for the like at the end of the day. You do it
to generate business. That's for sure. But that
still asks you about the flop. Yeah. when you
niche down like this, like what I what my fear
is if I go to talk about my startup journey of
a founders that that like makes it to 10 million
dollars, I feel that that's something that makes
me unique and that will talk to any founders
that wants to scale a business. Yeah. So,
it brings reach. Yeah. But then I feel that if I
go and I niche down towards agencies, a lot of my
audience that I've built will not like enjoy it.
Yeah. But at the same time, I know that that's
how I'm going to make money. See, that's that's
because I mean 40 likes is not something huge. But
probably if I start I feel that if I start to talk
and post only about agency stuff, I will get to
five likes. But maybe it's the five most valuable
likes I can never have. So, cuz then that's the
question for I mean like that's you're asking
yourself. It's like would you rather have 10 likes
and one really big lead or have like 100 likes and
then zero money. But the beauty of it is that you
don't even need to ask yourself this question. You
just want to be thinking about your strategy, some
sort of finel where you'll have some top of finale
pieces which are going to be your experience as an
entrepreneur, the behind the scenes, you know,
some just like um broader advice. And what will
happen with this is that they will put more people
into your ecosystem. And the reason why you want
to have this kind of pieces is because someone
might not be an agency owner, but they might
be connected to an agency owner, which means that
now like you know they have you under their radar,
but then like once you have this bulk of audience,
then you want to get them low um to the bottom of
the field, right? And so you would need to accept
the fact that some of the pieces you make really
have fewer likes. Yeah. But that they will be
like through generating cash. So if you had a
canence of four publications per week and you had
like two top or middle of NP pieces and then like
two bottom of NP pieces that talk to agencies then
you'll be like you you know that the reason why
you are flopping isn't because you are flopping
just because you are addressing a different
personal and you're able to still get the dopamine
of having some post that go like high in terms of
likes. Plus, it serves um your overall content
strategy because it means more people into your
ecosystem. And so I say let's do this perhaps,
right? Yeah. Just keep like do post like you
know what you want to post about like just keep
it wide. And it's great because now you can keep
experimenting and then just by experimenting and
being like just like pretty open to any format,
you might land on some format that just does both
reach and revenue. Yeah. And then you say, "Okay,
but I need this to make some cash." Otherwise,
as a CEO of a higure company, you're wasting your
time. Yeah, exactly. For for for the right that's
a bit where I am right now. It's like, okay, do I
double down on the channel or do I go and spend
my time as well? Because I mean, when you start
LinkedIn, it's there is a learning curve. It's
time consuming and I don't believe into the ghost
writing model. Yeah. To me it's like I've tried
before like some of my teammates very good content
writer like world class and they try to write
post but you know you read it and you feel like
it might be good but it's not you and I don't like
it and and some people ask me like do you post
yourself and I'm like okay you know I have a hard
time believing that having a ghostriter could work
and so to me it's important to write it myself
and that's why right now me okay either I go to
30k or I stop but I don't want to stop because it
still brings value you know it's I'm feeling that
in terms of awareness it's good as well but I
I cannot tell you like okay in generated what
billion sense now but I mean it's going to change
right it's going to change what I suggest is this
like I think we can get the best of both cors
so essentially what you're going to do is you're
going to do you're you're going to do this you're
going to do king pools per week which going to be
like um completely yolo because you are a yolo
kind of guy. You like to wake up some mornings
and be like okay today I want to talk about um I
want to share a beam because some guy from my team
boosted me let's go right and I think like this
gives you an authentic kind of vibe some people
will really connect with the human being and not
the business person. Yeah. And I think it's great
because I feel like, you know, at the end of
the day, it's like personal branding. You know,
it still is something where you want to showcase
some of your personality. Yeah. This makes you
different from the others. But then what you want
to do is you want to have like two posts per week
where you're going to be very strict about like
it needs to bring values to agencies, right?
And so here what you want to do is you want to
experiment with some formats because even though
you're nishing them and you need to accept that
you get uh fewer lags you can still find a good
balance um between good performance and you know
u reach and so I have some ideas like I think that
like one thing you should do is you know say once
per month one time per month one of your content
format should be some sort of like um you So you
talking about your experience um it was just like
talking with so many agency funders and really
like contrasting not the great okay one yeah but
yeah like the ones who make it for quest survive
yeah versus the ones who burn survive versus the
ones who thrive I think it's an amazing angle and
it's like and it's like on this very topic you
might be the top one expert in the world because
there is a likelihood that there's no one that
has talked to as many agency partner as you have
right which means you had the highest the highest
authority on this topic and so it' be amazing and
even like for me I'm telling you like it be like
an amazing button to consume it be amazing just
to have the sort of rough idea of okay like that's
what the seven eight and nine figure agencies do
and that's what the one that stay stuck under um
six figures do like I think it's a great angle now
because it's some sort of um sort of collection of
lots of conversations and it's difficult to be as
consistent as doing it every week but I think it's
a great one. So I'd say this should be one you
do once per month. Yeah, once per month it's like
contrasting successful agency versus not then once
times per week here. Um, so one thing that works
pretty well on LinkedIn is um the joint post. What
you want to do is you want to associate your brand
with the brand of a creator that um would make it
work well. So to give you an example um it's like
on our own content. One thing that we've we've
done a lot is we'd make some post where we would
um expose we would expose the branding playbook
or the growth playbook of a company. Oh yeah.
You know so for example I would expose the the
tech stack or like the um brand playbook from
um from Limly or like from some other companies.
Um this like see beautiful like what LM list fin
looks like. So I mean so for example what I would
suggest here is that there are of agencies that
publish on LinkedIn is you doing some sort of
breakdown of what makes agency successful. It
could be like carousel style, you know. I can be
your first grindy [__] pig by the way, you know.
Could say I could say mission 2 to seven. We have
a deal here and I can like hear all of his secrets
something like this. And then it's just like, you
know, like just like me sharing them and then like
just package them well inside of a nice carousel.
And the reason why I think it's a great format
is because it's replicable. Yeah. For me, then
you find like another one, another one, another
one. And every week you are sharing insights from
like a seven, eight, nine figure agency. I think
you were talking with a with a guy that has a SE
agency that I believe is much bigger than agency.
So imagine like um if you're able to get like his
advice out in the world and now you become a place
where agencies know that every week I'm going
to get the playbook of a guy that runs the exact
same business model I do but that's much more
successful than I am. and you would push like the
tools like the mistakes or things like that like
what what would be I think that um top tips you
know um X like three X tools because then you can
plug your own tool. Yeah, exactly. The bonus one
bonus and then like you said like the challenges
mistake and the things that like some beginners do
all the time or something. I mean I wouldn't think
about it too much. It's just like you ask them and
then you combine the best insights and as you do
it week after week the format is going to evolve.
I think like a carousel would be a great thing
cuz like with carousel you can put the image of
the agency fun interviewing yours and then like
the top tips n figure or seven figure funer we
see it on the title so it makes people to to want
to click you know and then like you want to start
the post with some headline that's like super
impressive you know so I don't know if like in my
case the most impressive thing you could say would
be like a um yeah like skills agency to swim the
error under 3 years for example and and um and
like would be something on the lines of and
um it's more replicable than you think you won't
believe what it did like yeah like yeah I think
you won't believe the perfect yeah for example
or you could say oh it's actually easier than
you think you know simpler than you think like
something just like makes you want to click
And then the carousel um is a great format for
LinkedIn. So people will go go like it still
works like and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Really?
That's the secret hack. It's kosen the name
fail really because you know that's the tips I I
read and then I'm not personally very into kosen,
you know. Okay. But everybody says it works. You
say it works. So I'm going to try it. But you know
sometimes it's not about what you like but what
your audience like. And sometimes if I don't like
it, I don't do it. Yeah. And I think I miss a lot
of opportunities. Yeah. Because you know what you
need to think of is um like the reason why a
carousel works even though you don't consume
the carousel is because let's say I make a post
like this one, right? And I say so you have this
carousel and I say I failed seven businesses, you
know. Um but then actually you're not obliged to
go to the carousel. You can just read this. Yeah.
Sure. So what that means is that some people will
will just read the text. Some people will just go
to the carousel because they like that there are
some images you know that you like these images.
Yes. Very nice. Very nice. Right. And some people
will do both. But that means that like the overall
average time is going to increase because you're
just giving more elements for people to to to look
at. So that's essentially what what's happening is
you just think about the pose that should make
the usual pose and then now you think okay you
know what let me just add some sort of visual
that just supports it and people are not even
obliged to consume the visual to understand the
entirety of the post but if you do it it's a bonus
and like this I can tell you is very likely to
2x or the impressions you get okay from um from
the post you Nice. And you have a designer that do
everything because I feel that you are you manage
your personal brand. I do. Yeah. Like an actual
brand, you know, like colors, like the fonts,
etc. is very cool. Very cool. Yeah. I mean, the
moment I understood it was so valuable in terms of
um it's a business generation. Um I figured I had
to stay on top of this just because as you know,
you know, historically it was 80% of the business.
Now it's still like um over 60%. Yeah. And so it's
like when you have something like last month
we closed um over a million in American revenue
and I know for a fact that 60% of this came from
LinkedIn. Yeah. So you're willing to invest like
Yeah. It became my most important thing to do.
Yeah. So you still post yourself. That's great
because at the end of the day you would think
how do I scale this? So you've hired you have
a small team that works for you or like I mean I
get I get some help but I still write this myself.
Okay. And post them myself. Yeah. It's like
sometimes you know I mean like you know it's
this um whole saying like the do the scalable
things. Yeah. It's like for me like the most
scalable thing for LinkedIn is to take care of it
myself because I don't scale because I'm able to
push more pieces. I'm skating because whenever
I push a piece, I sort of not guarantee, but
um it's been the case for the past um few months,
I know that it's going to get more than 10,000
views. Yeah. Exactly. So, if I knew that there's
going to be more than 10,000 views, it's okay for
me to spend an hour writing it and publishing
it. Yeah. Exactly. On my own. Yeah. I mean,
if you say it generated 1 million AR, that's worth
it, right? Yeah, it is. Right. So as long as it
does that, I'll continue. Yeah. Exactly. So I'll
So I'll say like one should be this like playbook
of successful agencies and then for the second
I think what you should do is you should look at
um people who target the same person as you. Okay?
And then look at the content that they make that
performs. So, for example, to give you an example,
it's like I use um Scribe.io. Yeah. And so, we can
we we we can make we can make the test can make
the test on my profile with Scribe. Mhm. And so,
what you can do is if you have um if if like cuz
I also target agencies, right? Some Yeah. So let's
say because like what I would advise you to do
would be to create some sort of short list of all
the successful people that target agencies um that
generate like a good chunk of of impressions and
once you have this list you use a platform like
Scribe and then you and then like they've got this
sort of own feed where you see like all of the
post and then you just filter for that post that's
outperformed. And so what I would do here is I
could say for example my end because I have 60,000
plus followers you look at only post that have had
um say 300 views and then to find those formats
you want the post to have been published like uh
not too long ago. So I see here that we have posts
like for the last three months and then it apply
the filters and then here you just be like looking
at all of these post and then you could like sort
of you know get something. So here for example we
actually have an interesting post uh because I did
a post had this was 50k views. Okay. In a year,
I broke down the entirety of how my agency
works, right? The anatomy and then like I just
like went from um traffic generation to sales
process to a delivery process. Now, as usual,
it is it was a big one because like what you
could do and that would depend on how much access
um those agency would give you would be to you
know present the information in a similar way
because the reason why this works because it's
extremely extensive and so if you were able to
do say once every two weeks some sort of breakdown
of the inner workings of an agency and then make a
similar schema then you'd have a proven format
that because you see that like this works and
you'll be able to replicate over and over and over
right and so here like the idea is just short list
um creators I don't know if you have some other
um some creators that you know are pretty good at
um at LinkedIn targeting agencies called like
your team yes and you could you could go and
check like the the whole collective team and see
what they post about but like idea here is really
that it's like you really want to look at say your
competitors, you know, um people that talk about
the same topics as you and you really look at who
makes content I would like to make. Yeah. I think
for example um Adam Robinson he was um targeting
agencies as well and then it's like okay now how
can I replicate this kind of content because
and this is actually something I advise most
people to do is really like short creators and
then you would even like almost spend a day just
studying their content reverse engineering yeah
reverse engineering the the thing as in like you
want to understand like what hook books were
used for these viral content pieces that you
want to understand what sort of visuals they then
they used that you want to look at the topics are
there some trendy some trendy topics and then once
you see enough of them you go into this pattern
recognition mode yeah where essentially then like
you know I'm like you have a much better idea of
what could potentially perform but also the idea
is um that for me the biggest reason why people
fail at link L is because they have no sort of
goal to strive for as in they don't know what
great looks like. Yeah. Exactly. Because they
actually never looked at what performs on the
on the platform, right? Yeah. Yeah. So here, same
idea like Adam has 150K followers. So like you
could go 400 then apply a filter and then like it
would just really be about like you know looking
at his best piece here. right away like he's
making some sort of like personal storytelling.
So he was from my first topic. Yeah. Exactly. You
see all the increases that you mentioned. Yeah.
Exactly. You see like that almost each of his hook
has some big number. You see one billion. Yeah.
Exactly. And 7 million error under two years. You
know that RB2B is actually something that uh we
built like short list radar. It's a bit similar
like you can put it on your website and we give
you like uh the company like what I explained
on the directory we we have something similar.
Nice. Cool. Amazing. I'm going to check adab.
So you basically have your swipe file of okay
creators type of post and that's what you Yeah.
You look for exactly. And so then you'll have
um as a summary you'll have this sort of like
a big format that's like really thinking about
what some data points, some information, some
insights that only me um have as you share
this. Now it's really sharing this in a place
of you're the biggest authority in the world.
Then you also think about the sort of exclusive
access you have. So in this case you're talking
about this agency funers means you can share their
playbook and this is a replicable format. Then you
want to look at all of the people in your niche
um or targeting the same people like what do they
write and then you use a tool like scrap. You're
going to go filter for the post that had the most
likes and then um just like just save as much as
possible to see what to replicate. Yeah. And then
you should be able to land on at least a couple of
formats that you can just like go and do a every
once you have that I believe you really have the
foundation for a great content strategy. And this
is now the moment where you can start thinking
about the the hacks because there are some some
hacks. There are some hacks. You want to hear
about the hacks? Of course. Okay. So, you you you
said that I mean I love the hacks. You noticed
that I was liking all of my posts. Yeah. Which
which is a bit cringe. Not it is cringe. Yeah.
But it works. I mean to be honest I don't know
if it still works that much you know so I know for
a fact that there was a time where it was pushing
like a bit more impressions to the algorith so
I was like okay I'm taking this so I would like
um out of my post and I still do this because it
doesn't seem to hurt right like yeah sure know
sometimes you have some habits and then you're
you're um afraid to stop the habits because it's
like imagine if I stop Yeah. Yeah. So like the
thing is like my routine whenever I post some
content is that before I post I'm going to do some
engagement. Okay. Just a little bit of engagement,
you know? So like 15 minutes before the post just
sort of warm up the the account. LinkedIn seems to
enjoy that you are active and you're not just
like entering the the platform. Oh yeah. That
you're leaving the platform. Yeah. Then the second
thing that um I will do so it's like I will do my
prepare my post and I will hit the um the publish
button but then I steal my post and you want to
reply to every single person that commented in
the first 30 minutes. Okay. Because like you know
when you see a number of comments you should you
should know that this number of comments when it
says 1,000 plus comments it takes yours actually
takes yours. Yeah. Uh, and so yeah, by the way,
which shows another hack, um, which is, and I'd
say don't overdo it, like here you see that,
um, I made a post that was talking about code and
in the end I did a comment replay. Yeah. To get
some recording and playbook. So don't overuse
it because I see some people that exclusively
quote their audiences through this. Then what
happens is that uh whenever they make a pose
that's not a sort of comment lead manet um pose
then the p just like uh thanks you know. Yeah.
Yeah. But sometimes like I'd say do especially
if you have like a great resource. Yeah. As you
see like the impressions are huge like like 90k
impressions on that one and then like it's 140k
impressions on that one and you still and we're
still getting some some comments. So yes like
um this is another hack. Nice. Then when you post
every day, 6 hours after you post and it can be
six, seven, eight hours, it depends, right? You
repost the application. So what I usually do is
that I usually have a repost from the day prior.
Okay. Okay. Okay. So cuz so it means when I go
on my LinkedIn, I delete the repost, you know,
and then I make my post on the day. So we don't
we don't see like look like Oh, you delete your
repost. Okay. Okay. Yeah. you delete the repost,
but you do the repost and the repost will push
the publication. Okay. Okay. In front of um for
me the US because now I mean I'm trying to get
them to and so it means that at around 11:30 I'm
publishing my first piece. At around 6:00 p.m.
Belgium time, you've got the repost and now you
have the American that can just engage with with
the publication. Okay. and you like it directly
when you post or are you the first liker of your
post? But yeah, first time like you see you see
one like and like also one thing we do is that
we have a Slack channel where I like you have a
company so you could do this as well like we have
a Slack channel where we share um our content and
so here you just see it. It's like you have
um people sharing their their content which
means that because you have people from your team
engaging and there are more people that will be
seeing the post as well. Yeah, sure. Like that's
something I would advise you to do. One thing that
you should absolutely do as well is reuse your
best hits. And so I think that because if I were
you were to go on your on your profile. So like
say we go on your profile and we look at your
analytics and let's say let's say we look at your
best performing post um in the last like 3 months
or let's do 365 days. Like if you take your best
performing post in the last 365 days and then you
just like repost them slightly change them like
improve them slightly. Yeah. Then I guarantee that
they're going to perform perhaps even better time
indeed. Yeah. And so here the dirty secret is that
if you look at the post here you see like um this
post recently closed 34 million error. We just
crossed already is the same format in the same
structure. Yeah. Sure. Like the biggest predictor
of the fact that they post is gonna explode is the
fact that like the format exploded before. Yeah.
And so what I advise you to do is like say one
post we do a lot at contact we say top 10 tools to
blah. So for example I would say like top 10 tools
for GCM engineers. For you it could be like top 10
tools for agencies. Yeah. If I said the post went
well, then I would wait for a couple of months,
you know, everybody would have forgotten the
post and then we just add two tools. So now like
the post is going to become top 12 tools, you
know, that and now I'm just sharing more tools
that were generally helpful and so it just brings
more value and and at some point you really build
up a library of content pieces that outperformed
which helps you stay consistent because you can
just like take a tool that had performed um some
time ago. you just like refresh it slightly and
then you already know that it's a proven piece of
content. That's nice. Yeah. And you know it's this
uh like I heard this um this quote somewhere like
um like some some magician that's that makes the
same trick. And I think it's a famous magician.
He says, "Yeah, I don't need to find new tricks.
I just need any audience to show them to." And so
I like this idea. Yeah, exactly. Like you want new
people to see this post. So you shouldn't care
that like your ex has seen them because at the
end of the day after a window of time they already
will not yeah don't remember and they will or will
not become um become customers of yours and then
it's like um at any given amount of time perhaps
just one two% of your audience has seen your post
so it will be shown in front of more people. So
yeah so it's like just like if you have a pay just
like you just put it there. That's nice. Yeah,
that's why your top post looks the same, right?
Exactly. Like you'll see like the post see like
here once again two finals and the same colors
and stuff. I mean it's very consistent. Yeah.
Here I would really advise you to find designer. I
will give you the contact inite for sure. So yeah,
I think we went over most of it. Do you have
any question? I mean I just need to do it. No,
I think you just need to do it. How confident
uh are you about um making it for node? Super
confident because um you gave me all the posts.
I think I like the idea of uh a mix with art
and science. Okay. I know I'm going to have the
discipline and the routine. I think I can learn
a lot. I'm willing to do the efforts. Yeah. So I
think 30k is maybe I should aim for more though.
Yeah. Still a big challenge. Yeah. Yeah. But
you trust me. Yeah. I think that you have all
of the ingredients for someone that's going to
be successful. It's like you already have had
successful pieces. So it's a a game of um having
second you have insane social proof. Some people
have been able to make it work as like the 11 to
30k with no social proof. But it's like for you,
you actually sharing some great insights from your
own journey aka like I don't know very few people
who you know have been able to like um create a
company and then um make it grow to eight figures
like you're like a very like somehow right which
like makes you stand out for one and at the same
time um because of your business you're also able
to tweets um some interesting people who happen
to be the perfect model for your target market.
Right. Right. Aka you able to share the story of
successful agencies which will make some um want
to be successful agencies want to listen to you.
Yeah. Right. And so from there I think you can get
a good market. And so I think this mix of sharing
your own entrepreneurship journey, you know,
sharing the playbooks of the successful agencies,
um using some tools for content inspiration and
then like you know using the smaller hacks and
then um playing with the formatting, the
packaging. Yeah. If you really manage to
combine all of this and then be consistent
to say at least three times per week,
I have no doubts that if you don't manage to
get to 30K, you'll be at 25K, you know. So,
it will be like a small miss. That's a good deal.
It's a good deal. 25K. That's nice. Perfect. We
should really check back in three months to see.
Yeah, let's do it. Does it progress? Let's write
that in the agenda. Perfect. Thanks, M. Thank you
very much. And I'm sure you push it. Let's do it.